hey people this is my unboxing video of
money bet that's new bat TPX XO grid
2008 yes this is chris riley with an
unboxing video i no see the bet the
moment we've all been waiting for oh cuz
i have 0 box to box it's in the box to
box in box take me out of the box taking
me out of the box don't that on over
moo-hoo that's a good size 3 330 if you
can do it grab good oh you can't see
from setting a little bit but yes it's
the 2008 adult minus three ve s are
certified that exit theory goes to 50
with a grid technology on the handle yes
I get fit synthetic grip I really don't
know what that means but when I'm a
guitar please comment and dummy or
message pro cop the end if you can see
cocked and oh yeah
just feel the gun be over that just nice
light pretty big a bell that I thought
it was because i have a easton synergy
the 07 and the balancing as big but it
says two and five-eighths bow and the
exact same size oh no maybe because I
see a lot but I use it it is my cap will
run of my cats yeah oh we've also done
anything yes this is a Louisville
Slugger nobody goes with TP acts means
shut up sorry about that the fastener
piece